this is Lisa from mobile tech review and
today we're gonna look at a Google Earth
which is available for Android 2.1
devices and at this point that means the
Nexus One yes Google Earth icon and
right now we've been taking a look at
Bremen Germany it remembers where we
were so you can see this this is a lot
better than just satellite view in
Google Maps this is photographic quality
this is gorgeous and you can do things
like drag it around zoom in and that's
downloading the data from the network
t-mobile you can spin
sooner huh
so if you want to take a look at
someplace else let's just say we're
going to go to Paris next
flies us across Europe plants us down
Paris
you've got the typical little Google PR
lies all over here this does support
layers as well zoom in there's the sin
again we can rotate around
change our view angle a bit
and we've got restaurants we've got
hotels we've got other things indicated
here and you can turn on layers for
places businesses Wikipedia roads
borders and labels terrain but no buzz
you can hit my location I'll take you to
wherever you are
the performance is stupendous on this
this is as good as Microsoft Windows
Touch pack for Windows desktops which
have similar features very good use for
the one gigahertz processor so that's
Google Earth for Android 2.1 on the
nexus from Google and I'm Lisa from
mobile tech review if you want to read
the full review of the Google Nexus One
smartphone visit mobile tech review calm